Note relative URL-reference resolution ambiguity (#4130)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.0.4.md

### Relative References in URLs

Unless specified otherwise, all fields that are URLs MAY be relative references as defined by [RFC3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-4.2).

Relative references are resolved using the URLs defined in the [Server Object](#server-object) as a Base URI.

Relative references used in `$ref` are processed as per [JSON Reference](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pbryan-zyp-json-ref-03), using the URL of the current document as the base URI. See also the [Reference Object](#reference-object).

> The wording above is intended to distinguish between API URLs (which use the Server Object to determine the base URI or the prefix for the URL path template), and OAD URLs (which use the current document's base URI per RFC3986).
> However, only `$ref` was mentioned explicitly in versions 3.0.0 through 3.0.3 of this specification, leaving the behavior of the following fields ambiguous: the `operationRef` field of the [Link Object](#link-object), the URI form of the `mapping` field of the [Discriminator Object](#discriminator-object), the `externalValue` field of the [Example Object](#example-object), and the `url` fields of the [External Documentation](#external-documentation-object), [Contact](#contact-object), and [License](#license-object) Objects.
> Therefore, which of the above two rules is used for each of these fields is _implementation-defined_, although it is RECOMMENDED to use the `$ref` process for all of them for compatibility with future versions of this specification.
> 

Reviewer: How about this slightly more concise wording:
```suggestion
Resolution of relative references in the `operationRef` field of the [Link Object](#link-object), the URI form of the `mapping` field of the [Discriminator Object](#discriminator-object), the `externalValue` field of the [Example Object](#example-object), and the `url` fields of the [External Documentation](#external-documentation-object), [Contact](#contact-object), and [License](#license-object) Objects is _implementation-defined_. For compatibility with future versions of this specification, It is RECOMMENDED to use the same process as $ref, but MAY instead use the URLs defined in the [Server Object](#server-object) as a Base URI, as either interpretation was possible in previous versions of this specification.
```

Author: @mikekistler I like most of the wording change but want to tweak it a bit further- will update shortly.
